hi guys okay let's stop everything
watch today's video today video I
I'll taste different maca flavors.
advertisement that is even now exactly
You saw this week that I was there.
in the lamonier macarons factory that is
this little box a whirlwind that has here
this filled with macarons but I selected
five flavors for us to make a
carol me though french special of
macarons if you have not seen the video yet
I'll leave it here under the inscription
this video for you to watch too
I made a video proving pasta favor
no english there my english channel if you
It's not weird to see the nbc channel
leave it down here
in the description of this video there are only two
common nessma videos and another video
tutorial
but I'm thinking of starting to record
more then if you want to learn English
there was a video in English anyway assists
if you understand
go there and watch it, it 's very cool, good
then my good form then the flavors
I chose to try this caron.
fat vanilla is this one is lame
passion that is manga like passion fruit
pistachio bell on the way out of here I
I think living human starts from here.
here and I'm going to taste the
words what I think the first good
taste I'll taste this razuk
no one ever and I believe it 's from
some fruit but it was not strawberry
because I live I already had strawberries a taste
stronger but it's divine
second because I'm going to prove your name
It is bill berry is this face here O
He has a little bit of dry blueberry.
on
what kind of a taste of mines and jeans
me is very good so look at these pk's
monkeys I 'm proving this do not
kills is not quite really fond of
You know then it tastes great.
try also gourmet pistachio
pistachio in Portuguese
he also has pistachio operations in
Top their taste and mail them to
salty like that and I do not like to paint
even for those who like football and
best direction of fresh anchal and
When you bite like that the dough is not
a dough that is sweet to the point of you
do not want to eat anymore
it is a soft dough and the filling as soon as
Auchan understood the next one I go
eat is mango with passion fruit I love it
this combination I like fruit and
days then the worst it's painted people
look here what delicacy is painted with
a serigraphy type with edible ink
We are not ink
the company
mother's love at first I passion fruit
but at the very end so is zezinho
You know this guy for sure.
were I going to buy the company today?
passion fruit mango
He is very good now I'm going to pick it up here.
my table where this people here is a
same diet is her name, I do not know why
do not ask me more economically
everybody wants but where do I
I understand that on the march
the march if I paid in dollars 99
the next I'll eat that last
is this one village d this one the people
smell is very good good good time
Sweet of my life I did video there in the
factory this week I'll leave it here
underneath for you to watch
So you ask me at home where I
I can buy these things in the year with 11
points two addresses in florida
first christmas center in boca raton
so if you have income from May and
so the title desires to mark not
passes there is two hours from orlando the
second most popular address for
those who come to the United States spent
rolling in florida mall looks good
apple runner in front of the
hello will have a beautiful kiosk there all
White full of talking macarons is
easy because it's very good
understood remember me when
out on the other thing I wanted to talk about
Do you have my facebook to follow?
In the instagram opposition several photos of the
anima mundi trip to stop everything
Capel is facebook.com bar and Carol
clinical robot instagram
underline paper if you want to follow the
harmony instagram macarons is at
the ipiranga and beautiful woman street in the house
luxury, I'll leave it under here.
showing up for you I just confirm
to win this even for not talking
wrong process is that even people look
the woman's clothes make some have up
my picture us playing playing very
modern
So, these people, thank you so much for
watching the video today was a video
good afternoon, I'll go out
Thank you very much for this video.
watch in portugal if you liked
Forget about Charlie who shares with
your friends follow on social networks
kiss